UPPER SIX
EPISODE 7:
TRANSFORMATION
Why is the leg that I chopped off
piercing my back?
You regenerated it instantaneously?
No way!
That would make
your regenerative powers...
greater than mine!
Big Bro!
Help her!
Or our sister...
won't ever be herself anymore!
Get off me, you little brat!
I'm going to chop you up into little pieces
and stuff you into my Belt!
She stopped it?
With her severed limbs?
No, they're not severed.
Her blood congealed.
It's burning me! The blood spatter!
Just like that day!
Fire...
Fire!
Nezuko!
Stop it! Stop it!
Stop it! You have to tough it out, Nezuko!
I'm sorry! I'm sorry I made you fight!
I can smell Nezuko's blood
all over the place!
I can tell just how badly she was wounded
while I was passed out!
It hurt, didn't it? I know you suffered!
I'm sorry! But it's all right now!
I won't let anyone hurt you anymore!
Go to sleep, Nezuko!
Go to sleep and heal yourself!
Nezuko!
Nezu—
What...
Someone burst through from below!
Nezu—
Go to sleep!
Really, such nerve doing that to me.
So, you can use Blood Demon Art, too?
A bizarre Blood Demon Art
that only burns demons?
Not only that, but it's taking
forever for me to heal.
This irritates me
like you wouldn't believe!
Like you wouldn't believe!
This is bad!
There are people here!
I have to protect them!
Think!
Think and take action!
The attack will come any second now!
The whole building will get slashed!
Do I dare let go of Nezuko?
No! What should I do?
The bystanders will get hurt again!
DESTROY
DESTROYER
OF DEMONS
Hey!
Isn't this Nezuko Kamado?
I see she's becoming a flashy demon.
Uzui...
After all that grandstanding
in front of the Master, what's this sorry state?
No one ever told her
to become a flashy demon!
You're a Hashira, right?
You came to me?
You just made it easy for me.
Shut up. I'm not talking to you.
Get lost.
You're no Upper Rank demon.
Since you're too weak.
You're not the one
I've been searching for.
What kind of ridiculous drivel—
Huh?
DEMON SLAYER: KIMETSU NO YAIBA
ENTERTAINMENT DISTRICT ARC
Dammit!
We lost sight of the God of Festivals!
At this rate, we'll be overtaken!
Overtaken in a flashy way!
Hey, you spotted him?
Mountain God, Lord Inosuke,
is comin' through!
B-Beheaded...
Beheaded!
Her head fell off!
Was it Uzui who did that?
Unbelievable!
Hey!
The battle's not over yet.
Get your sister under control.
Nezuko!
Stupid brats who start acting cranky
don't belong on the battlefield.
Just be unflashy
and sing her a lullaby or something.
It's useless!
My voice isn't reaching her!
She's not listening to me at all!
What am I gonna do...
Mother?
Sing her a lullaby or something.
Hushabye...
Baby bunny on the hill...
Tell me why your ears are so very long...
Because when my mother
was expecting me, she—
...dined on long leaves from a tree...
And that is why my ears are so very long...
Nezuko...
Hushabye...
Baby bunny on the hill...
Tell me why your eyes are so very red...
Because when my mother was expecting me,
she dined on red berries from a tree...
And that is why my eyes are so very red...
So my brother's eyes are red
because when he was inside your tummy,
you ate red berries?
Nezuko...
She's asleep.
Mother, she's asleep!
She fell asleep!
Uzui!
Hey, come back here!
Where do you think you're going?
DESTROYER
OF DEMONS
I can't believe you had the gall to behead me!
You're going to pay for this, you hear me?
Are you still whining and moaning?
I have no use for you anymore.
Just die an unflashy death.
Don't give me that!
In the first place, you said
I wasn't an Upper Rank, didn't you?
Because you can't be an Upper Rank.
I'm Upper Six, I'll have you know!
Then, why is your head in your hands?
That's beyond weak!
Did your brain matter explode or what?
I haven't lost yet, all right?
Because I'm an Upper Rank!
But you've lost. It's totally obvious.
I'm really powerful, you know!
Right now, I'm still Number 6,
but I'm going to get even stronger—
Not buying it!
I really am Upper Six! I'm telling the truth!
I have the number to prove it, too!
I'm amazing, you hear me?
She's throwing a tantrum?
You've got to be kidding me!
No, wait!
Is she ever going to stop talking?
Her body's not disintegrating
even after being beheaded!
Die!
All of you can just die!
He cut my head off! He cut my head off!
Brother!
Come on, there's no use crying.
Can't you even reattach
your own head by yourself?
You sure aren't the sharpest tool
in the shed, are you?
She didn't die even after I beheaded her!
Who's that other one
that emerged from her back?
His reflexes are beyond belief!
Is that a burn on your face?
Look here.
You need to take care of your face,
since you were born
with such a pretty face.
UPPER SIX
Huh. Not bad.
You stopped my attack, didn't you?
Even though I was going for the kill.
Good for you, man.
Good for you.
Lucky you, man.
That face of yours... Nice.
I like your skin, too.
Not a blemish, birthmark
or scar to be seen, huh?
And you have some meat
on your bones, too.
I can't gain weight, no matter what.
You're a tall guy, too!
I can see you're well over six feet tall!
You must get tons of attention
from the ladies, don't you?
I envy you!
How I envy you!
Would you mind just dropping dead?
In the most agonizing way at that!
Like getting skinned alive
or maybe getting your belly slit open!
And one more thing—
Brother!
It's not just him! There is more!
Kill the one who burned me, too!
Promise me!
I've been toiling away, and yet...
I've really been giving it my all!
All by myself!
And yet, everyone got in my way
and bullied me!
They all ganged up on me and bullied me!
I see! I see!
That's unforgivable for sure!
My sweet little sister was doing her best
with what little brains she had.
So I'll massacre everyone
who had the nerve to bully her.
Time to exact it. That's my way.
I'll exact the same damage
you inflicted on me for sure.
You're going to spin round and round
when you die.
Because my name is Gyutaro!
UPPER SIX
What are those? Sickles?
The sickles are spinning and heading back.
Not the same weapon as the Belt Demon's.
What's going on?
Is it a new demon?
I can smell Uzui's blood!
I have to back him up!
I'm here now, dammit!
Inosuke has arrived, dumbass!
Depend on me! On yours truly!
Inosuke! Zenitsu!
Zenitsu, are you asleep?
Both of you, go back up Uzui! Please!
Just relax and leave it to me, dammit!
I'm ready to go berserk!
Yours truly!
Lord Inosuke!
In a real flashy way, too!
Sorry! I'm going to go
put Nezuko back into her box!
So just give me a second, okay?
Granted!
Thanks!
How envious I am...
You really are a good-looking guy, aren't you?
Protecting those humans...
Showing off like that...
I envy you.
In their eyes,
you're their savior, aren't you?
I bet their affection and gratitude toward you
know no bounds, huh?
Well, yeah.
I'm a flashy, glamorous ladies' man,
so that's a no-brainer.
And I even have three wives no less.
Did you just say you had three wives?
Are you kidding me?
That's unforgivable!
Blood Demon Art...
Flying Blood Sickles!
Slashes of blood like thin blades!
And this many of them! I can't handle them all
while protecting these people!
What was that? An explosion...
He dropped down to the first floor, huh?
Run! Find a place to hide!
R-Right!
You're not getting away!
Bend. Flying Blood Sickles.
So he can control the slashes themselves?
Blood slashes that keep moving
until they hit their target and explode!
Those siblings...
The sister didn't die
even after she was decapitated!
That's just unreal!
Can I destroy them both
if I behead the brother instead?
Is the brother the main unit?
Either way, I just have to do it!
From what I can hear,
most of the people upstairs have fled!
Ugh! Look out!
Well, I can tell it's not going to be
a walk in the park.
The thing about us...
is that we're two people in one!
NIN-NIN
Nin-nin!
Today, we're starting off
with a Taisho-era secret!
Ever since she was a child,
Nezuko's been an angel.
She's never been unreasonable
in her life, either.
Even when our grandmother died...
and when our father died...
she always told our younger siblings
the same thing.
"Since neither our grandmother nor our father
can rest easy if we're always crying...
let's just cry our eyes out today
and then be strong. Let's keep smiling, okay?"
That's what she would say.
Next, Episode 8, "Gathering."
Really, Nezuko's the best!
TO BE CONTINUED